JAVASCRIPT
-------------------

it has nothing to do with java. it is inspired by the structure of Java language.

similar name for marketing reasons.

primarily client side.

what is scripting language?
 A language that is used to communicate with the existing application

OBJECT

An object is a collection of propeties, which are described in the form of key/value pairs. 
We can use object to model "things" using code.

When an object has a property with a function as the value, it is referred to as a method of that object.

Creating and defining an object at same time is known as instance of an object. (Object Literal)

Javascript is an object Oriented Language.

Object Constructor: can define a templete fro an object prototype.
From a prototype we can create many object as needed.

Three different types of object:

HOST Object: Are objects defined by the environment in which your code is run. e.f Window, Console, Document etc.

CORE Object: Are objects defined by and build into the javascript language itself. e.g. Math, Object, String, Boolean, Array, Date, Number.

OBJECTD DEFINED BY THE CODE AUTHOR

Javascript library: Angular Js, JQuery


PROTOTYPE
----------------

It is an encapsulation of of properties that an object can links to.
Javascript is du

1. HTML to define the content of web pages

2. CSS to specify the layout of web pages

3. JavaScript to program the behavior of web pages

JavaScript is the default scripting language in HTML.

Accessing a function without () will return the function definition instead of the function result:

"The W3C Document Object Model(DOM) is a platform and language-neutral interface that allows programs and 
scripts to dynamically access and update the content, structure, and style of a document."

The HTML DOM is a standard for how to get, change, add, or delete HTML elements.

document.write() can be used to write directly to the HTML output stream.

Never use document.write() after the document is loaded. It will overwrite the document.

Arrays with named indexes are called associative arrays (or hashes).


AJAX
----------
AJAX is not a programming language.

AJAX is a technique for accessing web servers from a web page.

AJAX stands for Asynchronous JavaScript And XML.

AJAX just uses a combination of:
A browser built-in XMLHttpRequest object (to request data from a web server)
JavaScript and HTML DOM (to display or use the data)



